{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Italic;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\author Simpson, Taylor Fickle}}\margl1440\margr1440\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-720\sl360\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-720\sl360\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs24 \cf0 Terms of Use:\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri-720\sl360\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 By using BiblosBooks you agree:\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri-720\sl360\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 1.	To not post any lude or pornographic material\
2.	That you are at least 13 years of age\
3.	That you will not provide other users with another user\'92s personal information such as their 
\f2\i address and phone number
\f0\i0 \
4.	That you will not hold BiblosBooks responsible for any lost, stolen, or damaged property\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-720\sl360\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \
Privacy:\
This App Collects information from you so we can:                                                                                     
\f0\b0 1. Give you the service you wanted                                                                   2. Improve the app over time.\
                                                                
\f1\b This app includes adverts:
\f0\b0  \
We provide our partners with some information about the way you use our app so they can advertise products and services that are more likely to be relevant to you. Ad networks are companies that manage the advertising process on this and many other apps. For that reason, they may know information about you based on the way you use all the apps where they provide advertising services. They compile this information to paint a picture of which types of adverts you are likely to be interested in. You can find out more about how they use your personal information here: http://www.google.co.uk/intl/en/policies/privacy/                  \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-720\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-720\sl360\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 BiblosBooks includes measuring tools. We want to learn how you use the app so we can improve it in future updates. The data is seen:
\f0\b0                                                            1. Only by us                                                                                  2. We only measure your use of the app.                                                       \
\

\f1\b The security of your personal information is extremely important. We take the following precautions to make sure it cannot be accessed or altered:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-720\sl360\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\fi-440\ri-720\sl360\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 1.	Data encrypted in transit.                                                                  2. Data encrypted in storage.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\ri-720\sl360\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
BiblosBooks does not allow you to access, amend and/or delete your data at this time.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li800\ri-720\sl360\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs24 \cf0 \
}